release 2.26.0 (#1065)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 2.26.0
### Added
* Supervisor: Added a `panic` handler to record supervisor failures. [#1062](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1062)

### Changed
* Agent: Added more context to file upload errors.  [#1063](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1063)

> * CLI: Made errors identifying `azcopy` more clear. [#1061](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1061)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI: Made errors locating `azcopy` more clear. [#1061](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1061)
```

### Fixed

> * Service: Fixed an issue where VM scaleset instances that lasted longer than 30 days would sometimes not setup script updates.  [#1060](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1060)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Service: Fixed an issue where long-lived VM scaleset instances could get reimaged with out-of-date VM setup scripts.  [#1060](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1060)
```
